When you are in the military, they kind of expect to get the biggest burden
from you when you first join. Because you, you come in as a fresh
civilian who's been on you know, on land the whole time so when
you first get there, you're expected generally to go on a ship for your
first command. You do that for about four years and that should
be the end of most people's, of many people's careers. So then they
go off and become civilians again. So they just do one sea tour. However
if you're going to stay in longer, at that time, then they want
to give you a break from so much sea time. Sea time can be difficult.
So then they probably send you to shore command for two or three
years. After that, then you have this cycle. About three or four years
on sea duty, two or three years shore, three or four years sea, two
or three shore. And then you're probably going to finally end up
with four more years or three more years of sea duty and then that's
your twenty years. If you stay in longer, then they'll probably shorten
your sea command a bit, because you're a little bit older, you're
a little bit wiser and sea is for, sea is for those young, those
young bucks.